SATURDAY 6 FEB 2016 I've decided to write in a txt format to avoid the difficulty of writing in a notebook. The goal is to get all my thoughts out of my head. I decided not to look at the screen. I need to establish a good habit of writing stuff everyday. I just m=played the piano and that felt really good. I should probably finish my reading quiz due monday. I don't know if this is a wise use of my time but I ki9nd of think it is. I'm looking at all the matheed notebooks or textbooks really,. I'm looking for some of the interesting books. There is all sorts of books on geometry. That 's kind of strange. Why geometry? do people need to see things in order to learn them> Furthermore, math is a styragne things anyway since everything is all connected. Why is there a difference between geometry and algebra? There really shoulnd't be. I want to go to the BYU store to get a moleskin notebook so that I will feel like writing in a notebook. But I don't know if that is a whise use of my money. I worry about money a lot. We don't have a ton of money but we have enough to get by. This is a good way to practive but why do I write likeke I'm writeing in a journal. One day, I ought to let my mind just wander into a strange story where I don't know wexactly what is going to happen. I need to work on my stories. Short stories is the place I think I should start. There is a BYU game going on and I hope I leave with enough time to escape the horrible traffic that always persists after every game. If I made a data analysis project that involved an experiment, what would it be? I like to listen to stories about experiements but I don't come up with too many serious experiments on my own. That's an important skill to develop. If I could perform any experiment, what would it be> Well, I like social experiemtns that involve pepeople making decisions. I really like games that people play like poker. Is there an experiment I could perform with poker or siome other game? Don't know. What about economics do I even like> Econ is such a strange subject. It's got crazy theories. Sometimes I want to go to grad school and other times I don't Why do I want to go to grad school? I think it's because I'm afraid that acme won't teach me everything I want to know. I really hope senior year pays off. I'm starting to wonder if I am less of a mathematician and more of a statistician. They are pretty similar but they have some distinct distances. I'm worried about this weeks labs. Both of them are pretty difficult. I've heard that Jessica's lab is a little easier tafter you get past the first problem. Shane's lab is longer and more difficult and between Jarvis test on monday and evans homework and other stuff, I'm afraid I won't be able to get it done by tuesday. Why do people "suck" at communication? People who love abstraction sometimes don't love clarity. How strange is that? How many kinds of music d o I like? Not sure. Is there some good music to listen to that will spark a sense of creativity? Interstellar. Why stars> I don't know. 
MONDAY 8 FEB To God each good work will be known I need to write only to seven o clock because I need to get some homework done. The fruit in the basket on the table was positioned and decorated win a neat way. All the fruit is balanced perfectlywith three bright orange clementines adorning light green pears and furry kiwi underneath. Apples lay hidden in the basket. The crui bru that I am drinking is mixed with butter and coconut oil. The fitbit on my wrist tends to annoy me as I type. What kind of economist is Jay keynes? I know how to thnik like an economist. An economist is a mathematical and calculating machine with an eye for observation and an ear for inefficiency. I want to collect data everyday. Just some for of data so I can start to think of the workld in meetric terms. Free writing in the morning is good for me. I feel like my fingers are at the piano, typing away on ebony and ivory keys. Boith instruments which I se are callled keyboards. I play blind in both cases and on occasion, I will play the masterpieces of men and women or rather developed by men and women that are good. I dream of al l sorts of interesting things.  The world of dreams is an odd place. I wish I could collect data from that world. What would it be like? to have data from the world of the unconsicious. I'm not sure I want to know everything about that wordls through data. I think that would cause some disturbance and be a little embarassing. I'm so glad my brother is serving a mission in africa. The congo looks and sounds like an interesting place. Already, I can tell that what he has seen in brazzaville is very different from what I saw in Mozambique. How I wish to go back there. Mozambique is also ta place of dreams. I wish I could express that to people. Maybe I will. I should write a short story about it. The most wild and insane things can happen at any moment. There is far less magc here in the united  states. In fact, I haven't ever seen the kind of magic that exists in such a world. my feet are cold. Oh I wish I cold go back to Mozambique. I want to describe some experience I had there. I remember getting pizza at a restaurant The waiter asked for our orders and we waited. As any restaurant we waited for too long. We waited thinking the pizza would arrive soon. We waited as we saw the waiter standing around, occasionally going back and forth in and out of somewhere. We were in Quelimane. The river of a Good Sign moved steadily out toward the Indian Ocean. There was an old catholic cathedral, broken down over many years. I went to check it out one day. It was very old and from what I remember, it must have come from the 1700 or 1800s. I was reduced mostly to its bare structure, lias if like a human it had died long ago and left the remains of its bones as evidence that it was once a living structure. There was graffittti on the walls now and the names of protuguese citizens in old graves was still visible inside the church. What a tomb for the dead this broken down church had become. The room stank inside with the noxious oders of feces and trash. Yet we couldn't see any feces nor did we see any faces. There was a stairwell th. It looked unsafe and where it led to was clouded in darkness and mystery. I smelled the worst coming from upstairs. I thought that might be the place where drugs or sex might happen. I would have wondered why people would have sex up in the loft of a broken down cathedral but this was vwhere else are you going to have secret sex in one of the most impoverished counties in the world? I couldn't blame them. They needed an escape to somewhere, even if that somewhere at sometime led them to a dirty jungle taken cathedral. The cathedral stood at the bank of the river, near the port of Quelimane where chinese tankers and cargo ships were frequently stationed. They would unload there cargo for the shops. The streets were broen along the shoreline or boardwalk (one wonders what such a street with potholes ought to be called in this world). I left the cathedral, or rather now that I am in memory, I leave the cathdral and walk along the river to my right and catch the breeze orf the surrounding jungle landscape and clear my lungs of the putrid air of the skeleton cathedral. I walk and see bikers. There are so many bikers in Quelimane. Most of them are taxis for the walkers who can afford to pay five meticais. Sometimes more if you were white and didn't know what you were doing tor where you were going. I remember being picked up at the bus station where I was dropeed off alone amid a crowd of people. Thit was a busy street but not with cars. It was traffic jammed with people who were selling, moving , buying and going to somewhere or nowhere in particular. There were bikes everywhere. The bike taxis had little wodden seats just behind the peddlers bike seat and were lightly covered in some thin padding and a fake leather covering. If you were lucky, you might catch one with extra foam or wone that was not bentforward or backward.Usually there were pegs for your feet but all taxits were as unique as the Africans who rode them. I stepped off of the bus into this array of chaos. There was a beautiful Muslim mosque, The mesquita de Fatima on the other side of the street across from the bus station *which was more of a looked more like a junkyard than a bus station) and In the beautiful setting African sun of the evening behind the buildings, I looked around for someone to pick me up.I was appreoached almost immediately by these bike taxis. I had all my luggage and no one to help me get anywhere. They insisted that they knew where my colleagues were, the missionaries of the church. They strapped my bags onto thetheir bikes and I sat on the wooden plank seat behind the driver for my first taxi ride. It was very strange at first and I coludn't help but thin of how silly the whole situation must have looked. I hardly knew how to sit since the it felt very weird to be on a bike that you didn't control. There were giant potholes in the roads and as we ineviteably hit them, the twitsts and turns and ups and sdowns made for a comical moment I coulnd't help but laugh. What must people be thinkng? Here I am, the only white man in a white shirt and tie struggling to stay seated on a bike that made me look loike I'm humping its driver, going up and down and jerking from hitting potholes and moving off into an african sunset. Oh and the other bike with my luggage followed us into the sunset. Oh the memories ares sweet in Mozambique. Especially in Quelimane. I think of so many places I visited. Some restaurants I ate, some good, some normal with a half chicken and some cabbage sthat passed as a salad., all of them with near indefinite wait times. I remember the scenery and the concrete buildings that passed for a city. But I also remember the faces of people I struggled to understand. Oh I  wished I could know them on a deeper level. I wish I could get to know the poor and rich alike. There were no rich rich folk necessarily. I suppose there were some who were well off, but well off meant about they were about as good as my home in America. And I'm sure my father made more than the rich there. But the rich could live well and stay happy. Oh the scenes and the streets go through my head again. Oh how intimately I got to know the city of Quelimane. Electricidade de Mozambique or EDM with the bright orange sign next to the little shop that sold backpacks just down the street. The food stores wewould go to. What was that place called that sold berries and other things that us Americans almost never saw anymore? Casa das Frutas. Pr the little Indian owned store where I popoped my pants that one time. The store was about the size of smaller penthouse in New York City. with two levels. They ssold Playboy body spray, which smelled surprisingly good. and so many other products that were the most familiar to me as an American meaning they were soaps and razors and shaving cream and aftershave and deoderant and things like that that Mozmabicans didn't use or at least many of them. Yet these prproducts were not American. There was Much of it came from South Africa or India so it had quite the foreign flare to it. Out side the store, you could see Tchovas or small handcartes with pulled by mozambicans for money. The dark rusted metal asitting on top of tires. They are also pioneers who walk and walk and walk and walk. In the middle of the town is the beautiful green mosque, not the mosque of Fatima but a different one. I visited one toime and was asked why I wasn't muslim. Accross the street was a muslim baker who ran a wonderful bakery. I remember the crocodile bread that was irressstable. When it was warm, I would put my hand into the bag and as I tor the bread I thougched , the inside of the loaf, was like a cloud, soft as a cloud and I would gently tear off a piece and let it melt in my mouth. I have scarecely tasted anything like that crocodile bread shaped into a long  sturdy loaf and pricked so that the spikes on its back gave it a resemblance to the crocodile.. Oh that I could go back. I would go back soon.  I will go back soon. To that place of dreams. For now, I can only see it from a window. For now, I can only see it from a limited vision, through a window on Google chrome.
TUESDAY 9 FEB 2016 The time has come the walrus said to talk of many things is the first thought I had today when I began to write.. It's ten o clock and I am sitting on my couch just typing away. I had a delicious breakfast. Let me restate that. Mty breakfast of bratwurst and sauerkraut and crispy pan fried potatoes and scrambled eggs was a delight. I read the elements of style yerterday. I don't know if I have any sytyle in particular besides I'm a technical nerd. I love moleskin boooks because they feel so good to write in.I love my wife. The windows on our apartment are big and right now they are clouded with perspiration from the cooking of that delicious breakfast. Bulletproofing the crio bru is a good way to keep me full. How do you explain the concept of a proof to someone in a concrete way? Tge teacher or professor gets up to the board and writes a theorem of a claim. Then the next words or rather word that follows is proof. Then, the sound of chalk at odd intervals creates letters anwords and symbols on the blackboard which in this case is actually green.Dr. Evans lanky arms reach up high to write the preliminaries. Each step in the proof adds more white to the green blackboard. An occasional mistake creates a white cloudwhere over the top of it is written a new word or a new letter or some new equation that I'm not sure is true until I write it down in my own notebook and step through the logic of the proof. At the end of eacch proof is a little black square, which is white on the green blackboard and as I was taught, that is supposed to be the mark where you should be convinced of the argument above. Of course, I am not always convinced. A proof on a blackboard is taken one line at a time. Each line builds on the last to step through a sort of logical dance. It is an argument but with whom> no one is yelling and the board is not a courtroom. But in some sense it is. We argue with ourselves to prove something.My paper lies blblank when the professor doesn't write out the whole proof on the board. Sometimes she only writes the pieces of a proof and it is our job to put the pieces together which is not always an effective way of learning, as if you have taken a painting by van gogh or worse, a pollock, and peinted it in several pieces only to put the whole painting together. It seems strange tand the whole pieccce doesn't come together so easily.A degree in mathematics. What does it teach? How to solve problems. How to solve the most general of problems. Everrything is so generalized. That is why I will be different. I will be clear and concerte ans a mathematician and as an analyst. I will be interestting and good because of that. I will be different even unique as a writer because my subject matter will be general and apply to almost everything. But how to bridge the gap. And in the meantime, how to learn?> This is really tough stuff that is not being taught by principles that make a lot of logical sense. I feel like the entire math department needs to read strunk and white, the elements of style. There is some great truth to that. Also, I need to study for my test. I will write for twenty minutes today to save just a bit of time. In face, I think the recommended thirty minutes is a little over the top possibly. At least for now. For the time being, I will write twenty minutes. Fifteen might be too short but I can commit twenty minutes a day to the freewriting ineeds of my mind and soul. Blah. blah blah blah. I want to be drinking my crio bru and now I have admitted defeat to the freewriting ecxercise. I'm done now and it's obvious by the way that I am writing. two minutes left. I ate some chips. All the things I haveleft to do. How do you make an algorithm concrete? That's hard to do. An algorithm really just means a set of instructions or a recipe. I want to read more of mark twian. I need to read mark twain. He wrote a book that I could have written. time;
