	The world bent in and out of shape, finally resting in space as a single, flat disk. We moved to the center of the earth where scientists, doctors and governments built large concrete boxes with metal cages around each window and door frame. They were the laboratories, hospitals and meeting places where food and aid were created and distributed. The sidewalks and streets broke down into soft dirt trails as they led further from the city. Every morning, hundreds of people left their makeshift houses, traveling in exodus to the city and bringing home enough of the needed.
	He left the center of the city at unusual times, everyday walking against the traffic of the crowd. Black leather loafers would leave the city in the morning and return in the evening covered in thick gray mud, callused hands carrying a once thin briefcase. No one knew who he was exactly.
Some said he was an economist but all government workers worked in the center of the city where they lived.
>>>>The narrator follows the economist into the wilderness where we come to an open clearing—an old trash pit that turned into a swamp. There is a small desk on dry ground with a small office chair. He sits down and opens his briefcase and pulls out what looks like a checkbook and begins to write, tearing off checks as he finishes them and putting them back into his briefcase. He is checking some sort of list as he writes which turns out to be the names and numbers of various bank accounts. He finds a patch of mud and uncovers a briefcase full of money. He takes the money and puts it into his briefcase. Then he fills the dirty briefcase with the checks he wrote, covers the briefcase and leaves for the day. “When all had finally settled, he slowly slicked back his greasy brown hair, grabbed a pen and began to write.” He brings the money back into the city, where he deposits it into one of the concrete buildings. One day, as he is walking to the city, fighting the crowd, he is knocked over and his briefcase opens and money spills everywhere. The crowd scrambles to get the money and the economist tries to recover from the accident. They ask him where he got the money and he doesn't answer. They take him and find the swamp where they search for the other briefcase. They find the briefcase which is empty. They search through the trash swamp trying to uncover hidden money but to no avail. The mob takes his ID card and information and find that he has access to the concrete building in the center of the city. They make him open the concrete building and they begin to take out the money. It is mayhem but the more money they take out, the more the money begins to shrink (turn into mud), so panicking people start to buy everything they can before the money disappears (turns to mud). Eventually, so many people take money from the building that the money disappears entirely (turns all to mud) for which they blame the economist. They take him and lock him in the concrete building. The next day, the supplies come but are all just packets and bottles and cans of mud. They go back to the building, unlock the door and find only a briefcase full of checks and a pen.

Draft 1.5
	I live far from the city, where the roads turn to dirt and the houses are canvas tents. I like to watch the mornings; men and women emerge from cocoons and migrate to the city, like monarch butterflies before the earth was flat. I don’t migrate anymore; I only watch the migration. People pass, dragging dust into the city where they work. At dusk, they come back.
	Every morning, a man migrated in the opposite direction, away from the city against the crowd. He always wore black loafers, a tweed jacket and carried an empty briefcase. A government worker—a peculiar one. I watched him make his way to the forest and out of sight. When he returned at dusk, his loafers were covered in dry mud, dirty fingernails clasping a heavier briefcase, fighting the home-bound crowd. Lars, one of the night workers in the city, tells me he goes to the concrete building near the government offices. “Oh he deposits whatever is in that briefcase he got there and come out the next day, clean and polished like a dime, like nothing ever happened to him. Then I seen Ol' Chief go back towards the forest, focused like he be on to something.”
	That's what people called him, Ol' Chief, because he reminded us, the outer folk, of what businessmen used to look like before flat earth silenced their profession. We need doctors for the hospitals, scientists for the farm labs and governments to help coordinate it all and keep the peace. Because of that, we didn't know quite what to make of Ol' Chief making his way to the forest everyday. Carrie Erickson lives down the road closer to the forest. She is a discharged scientist like myself and watches Ol' Chief disappear into the forest.
	“What do you make of him?” I asked.
	“He must be researching something out in the field. Growing food indoors is not a permanent solution,” she said, opening a can of processed food, “He must be trying bring the farm back to nature.”
	“And that's a job for a government worker?”
	“I suppose. They don't trust the labs like they used to. Too much funding and not enough progress,” He stopped and made a toast with the can of peaches, “But we don't eat money.”
	The next morning, I followed Ol' Chief into the forest. He hardly noticed me he was so focused, making faces and muttering things to himself. I crept along the dirt road behind him, keeping my distance. Road became trail, trail became trees, dissolving into forest. The ground became wet and soon I lost sight of him. The fresh forest scent became polluted with the stench of garbage. Trees opened up their curtain, revealing a clearing—a swamp filled with trash and mud. Ol' Chief sat in a small, broken office chair on a dry bank of dirt, his back toward the forest. The briefcase was opened on the wooden desk where he wrote. I listened.
	“Five hundred twenty three and zero, zero out of a hundred.”
	I heard the sound of paper tearing.
	“Four hundred sixty seven and,” he paused, “zero, zero out of a hundred.”
	More tearing. I waited. His pen scratched ink onto paper until afternoon graduated to evening. He stood up and walked to a patch of mud in a corner of the swamp. Reaching, searching through the mud, he caught hold of something. He tossed wads of paper, like weeds in a garden, on the bank near his office space. It was cash. Bundles of cash. A slip of paper replaced each bundle—replanting for tomorrow's harvest. When his cultivation finished, he took two white towels from his briefcase. The larger towel wrapped the collection of bills and set them in the briefcase. He took a moment to clean up a bit, trying to maintain a respectable appearance, tossed in the hand-towel, and closed the briefcase.
	I left the swamp; he wouldn’t catch me on his return journey. The dirt road soon appeared, lined with canvas shelters. The exodus was already coming home. I watched Ol' Chief plow up the stream of people, head in the clouds, muttering to himself. Then there was chaos. I lost sight of Ol' Chief in a swarm of people. I made my way to the crowd, struggling to see what was going on. In the scramble, I caught a glimpse of an open briefcase as money began to fly everywhere, the crowd clawing for each bill. Ol' Chief was there in the middle, desperately trying to recover what he could.
	“Don't take it,” he cried, “It won't help you.”
	But to no avail. The crowd turned to mob and lost control. In the commotion, I found Carrie, clutching a stack of mud-stained money.
	“Here's the funding we needed all along,” she said, pointing to the fistful of cash, “Damn them for hiding it so long.”
	The well of money dried up quickly and soon, the mob turned on Ol' Chief.
	“Where is it?” shouted a man, “Where did you get this?”
	“This is nothing,” Ol' Chief started, “It's noth—“
	“Bull shit!” grabbing Ol' Chief by his coat, “It ain't nothing; where are you hiding it?”
	“I have his ID!”
	Lars had come onto the scene now and found Ol' Chief's ID badge that had been torn in the fray.
